Warning note about ipam definition in NAD for VMs (#26872)
openshift/openshift-docs: virt/virtual_machines/vm_networking/virt-attaching-vm-multiple-networks.adoc

* A Linux bridge must be configured and attached on every node. 
See the xref:../../../virt/node_network/virt-updating-node-network-config.adoc#virt-about-nmstate_virt-updating-node-network-config[node networking] section for more information.

[WARNING]
====

> Currently, ipam in a network attachment definition (NAD) for virtual machines (VMs) is not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuring ipam in a NetworkAttachmentDefinition for virtual machines is not supported.
```
